What is a guy using Malcolm X now in this video vivo be working at the professional blog.
OK.
It will be building up a professional amazing and the perfect blog if you want to start your own blog.
Ok then this section will be for you.
We created our blog like this.
To complete the bill because he's dot.com.
That was the blog for normal people.
OK.
That was not the blog for professional wants.
This blog is looking pitte professional but not doctress fictional that we're going to build right now.
OK we will be building that blog with this team.
OK.
The team that will be using it will be the next.
Since we have protégées this team already we don't have to do that again.
If you haven't pre-Chase this team again I'm telling you again that you have to pre-Chase this team.
What you have to do if you are voting right now you have to just click the resource available button.
So if you're watching this video here Harvey just click resources available.
And this is saying get the premium team make sure that you click here.
OK.
It will open automatically open up the new tab.
This is the team that is right here.
You have to protégées this you have to go click here.
You have a hit join.
Now you have to just sign up right now and after the sign up you have to go to the log in and then you
have to download it.
I'm going to go ahead.
I'm going to download the team that we're going to be using and we will be using up this team right
now and this team is the best team.
Let me show you how this team is going to work.
I'm going to open this up right now.
OK.
And let's go to team Trey here and this is how this team looks OK so this team looks professional like
newspaper and this has made for professional bloggers and online publications.
OK.
So vivo will be moving on with this team the steamiest perfect team for blogging.
If you want to just create your own blog and you want to create the professional blog OK.
So this course is all about the professionality Not that I am going to teach you how everything is created.
I will teach you but I will also teach you to how can you print professionality into it so that you
just grab the user attention.
OK so you have to just go ahead you have to download this theme.
I'm going to go ahead.
I'm going to hit download right now.
And this team is going to be downloaded.
Here we go.
I'm going to hit download right now and you can see this team is being downloaded til this is downloaded.
I'm going to go ahead.
I'm going to go to the portal to host cator dot com to create a new subdomain name.
OK.
And once this is done I'll show you how this is going to look.
So let me just connect to my other wife right now.
OK.
And after connecting it I'm just going to go ahead.
I'm going to create a new subdomain name.
I'm going to install WordPress in it.
And then after installing WordPress I'll be back.
OK.
So here you can see that I have installed Wordpress and asked for it to complete the will be course
dotcom will be admin and I'm going to log in right now.
So here now let's log in let's install that team OK and then let's work with it.
I'm going to go to this Tanjore right here.
I'm going to enter my user name and then I'm going to enter my password and then I'm going to log in
and you can see it's logging me in.
So here Offord logging in is done.
I'm going to go to the settings right here and I'm going to go to permalink and make sure that you set
your permalink to that post name.
Then go ahead and lotted safe.
OK.
So off to the settings is saved what I want to do right now.
I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to go to teen trate now and I'm going to install the theme
that we have downloaded.
This is the team that we have right here.
If we go back you can see this is the team that is called the extra.
You have it just come here you have to download it.
OK.
And when it is time moated you have to just upload it right there.
So
I'm going to go to disagree here.
I'm going to go to at any rate here.
And I'm going to go to uploading so I'm going to select the file OK and I'm going to go to download
tray here and her should be loaded files.
I'm going to open it up.
Let's see if we have Lottie Devi
So here I have this extra I'm going to upload it I'm going to install right now and you can see this
is being installed.
So once this is installed you can see this is a floating.
So once this is uploaded you can just activate this team and you're going to see how this team is going
to look.
OK.
So let's wait till this is uploaded and then we're going to vary for that.
We also have to install that plug in.
That is the DVI builder.
OK.
So let's wait.
This is being uploaded.
Ninety two percent it is uploaded already.
And 99 percent.
And then it is done OK.
So it's going to it's going to take some time to load this page reload this page and then we can activate
this team
OK.
Here we go.
You can see this team has been installed.
I'm going to hit activate to activate this team.
OK what I'm going to do I'm just going to close all these times because I want them right now OK.
I see you.
Welcome to before diving in New Theme extra documentation access to dozens of thing.
OK what I'm going to do right now I'm going to go to the plug ins and I'm going to do to add Neal and
I also want to move with that rebuilder plug in because that is all too important.
So you can go to the TV library and then you can install download that plug in and then you can install
it.
I'm going to install now and you can see this is also being uploaded.
So once this is uploaded I can move forward.
So it is still uploading it is 88 percent right now there is uploading done in the back Schroen.
I am also doing some other work.
OK.
So that is why it will take some time.
I'm also doing that whole currish right now still.
So it is taking some time to load.
And Mellot go ahead and let's visit our Web site as well to see how it is.
So you can see this is also loading or rapeseed.
This is how it is you can see how this is looking.
We have this hello world.
We have this extra Lowville.
We have the trending as well.
We have this Facebook and that we have all these pages and then we have the sidebar so you can see that
our VBS site is already looking amazing.
OK I'm going to come here and I'm going to activate plug in.
OK.
And you can see this plug in should be activated right now.
And there we go.
So I'm going to go to.
There is a new version of this builder.
OK.
So.
So now you can see that this is how my website is looking in this in the upcoming video.
We are going to be freaking out that this whole Web site we're going to do some changes and we're going
to make some at it as well.
So stadium guys and in the next video they'll be working up to that.
Goodbye.